[channel-slider] Add docs on getters (#68)
color-js/elements: src/channel-slider/README.md

| `step` | `step` | `number` | Computed automatically based on `this.min` and `this.max`. | The granularity that the slider's current value must adhere to. |
| `value` | `value` | `number` | `(this.min + this.max) / 2` | The current value of the slider. |
| `color` | `color` | `Color` &#124; `string` | `oklch(50% 50% 180)` | The current color value. |

### Getters

These properties are read-only.

| Property | Type | Description |
|----------|------|-------------|
| `minColor` | `Color` | The color corresponding to the minimum value of the slider. |
| `maxColor` | `Color` | The color corresponding to the maximum value of the slider. |

> | `stops` | `Array<Color>` | The array of the slider color stops with `minColor` and `maxColor` as its first and last elements, respectively. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `stops` | `Array<Color>` | The array of the slider color stops used for rendering. Unsupported color spaces or angular channels (hues) will have more color stops, while other channels may have as little as two: `minColor` and `maxColor`. |
```

> | `stops` | `Array<Color>` | The array of color stops corresponding to the slider progress of `0%`, `25%`, `50%`, `75%`, and `100%` respectively. |

Reviewer: I don’t think we should tie it to specific percentages, it depends on the case and browser support.

> | `progress` | `number` | The slider progress calculated on its current value (e.g. `0.42`). |

Reviewer: As a number from 0 to 1.

> | `progress` | `number` | The slider progress, as a number between `0` and `1`, calculated on its current value (e.g. `0.42`). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `progress` | `number` | The slider value converted to a 0-1 number with `0` corresponding to the min of the range and `1` to the max. |
```

Author: We should probably update the corresponding description for `<color-slider>`, too.

> | `channelName` | `string` | The label of the slider (e.g. `Hue`). |

Reviewer: The name of the channel (e.g. Hue or Alpha). We should also have an example with alpha.
